

    - if the battery goes low while we're sleeping, we won't shut down --
	we'll just crash.  i'm reluctant to enable the 1% battery
	SOC wakeup, because that seems like a lot of wakeups. 
	too bad there's no "wake me at this batter threshold"
	wakeup.  if we created one in the EC -- reuse the battery_error
	event, and have it occur when we cross the 5% threshold, for
	instance -- we could use that to waken and shut down.  (we
	should fix the /sys/class/power_supply/olpc-battery/capacity_level
	output as well, but that's in the kernel.  currently it never
	hits "critical".)  or, more simply:  create a new form of
	the "battery_soc" wakeup event that only wakes up on SOC changes
	below 10%.

	(the EC generates a critical battery SCI.  the kernel just has
	to watch for it.)

	if wakeup happened at 10%, then we could beep (configurable)
	every 1% thereafter until we hit shutdown.

    - should give a beep warning before critical battery shutdown.

    - add monitoring of cpu and/or network load to prevent sleeps
	when "busy" with other than user input

    - is there a dbus "i'm busy" indicator we could/should be
	looking at as well?

    - how should mesh and AP connections be treated wrt keeping the
	wireless alive?  if we sleep with an AP connection, will we
	eventually lose association anyway?

    - USB keyboards and mice:  need a way to get user activity/idle
	from them.  unfortunately, the "right" way to do this would
	mean adding support for USB devices to olpc-kbdshim, which
	would complicate it quite a bit (needing to monitor plug/unplug
	etc).  i'd rather keep that daemon very simple.  perhaps
	another daemon that just does USB?  perhaps there's a way
	to use dbus to optionally get activity reports when USB
	devices are in use?  ohmd uses X11's xsync extension.  very
	messy.

    - powerd-configure has no means of creating a new profile -- just
	editing existing ones.  (all that's needed is an existing file --
	current contents is optional.)

    - cahalan asked whether the geode's video stream is ever turned off.
	can it be?

    - likewise for the lcd panel.  can it be turned off?

    - if we find we're configured for ebook mode on startup, we should
	assume that's old data, and reset to default.  i think.

    - convert config to use "max sleep time" variable rather than
	"time to shutdown".

    - convert powerd-config to present minutes, rather than seconds
